---
layout: post
permalink: /p=2286
title: Interrail 2023 - The rail aspect
description: None
date: 2024-10-02 22:31:38 -0000
last_modified_at: 2024-10-02 22:31:38 -0000
publish: false
pin: false
categories:
- Uncategorized
tags: []
---
Interrail 2023 was one of the most memorable journeys of my life. While not the most exotic or treacherous journey I've made, the length of the trip and the breadth of places I visited gave me an outlook into Europe's diverse cultural landscape. I indulged in the emotional rollercoaster ride that was personal travel as well as the immense reponsibility that came with it. Simultaneously, opportunities for group travel naturally came as I united with newly met friends at hostels exploring places foreign to all of us.

A year has passed since I embarked on this journey, and several recent posts on my workplace's internal travel forum has inspired me to revisit my interrail memories and to reply with some of my unique experiences. While my past interrail blogs or videos have largely been a discord of my brain's disorganised recollections, one thing that I've left out to this day is the finances of the trip.

Though I will not go as far as posting all the expenses on my trip, I reckon it would be prudent of me to examine the costs of intercity journeys I've made in the trip. Afterall, if it were cheaper to travel to these places individually, to make plane journeys between cities, or to buy single tickets from the respective train operators, what would the point have been travelling on Interrail?

Let's start with a table detailing the costs of the journeys I made during Interrail 2023:

Date| Operators| Codes| Origin| Interchanges| Destination| Total Duration| Ticket Price/ Seat Reservation  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
-| Interrail Global Pass| -| -| -| -| -| £220  
12 Jul| Norwegian ✈️| D84452| London Gatwick| -| Stockholm Arlanda| 2h25m| £79 (✈️ticket, not Interrail)  
15 Jul| SJ| HST623| Stockholm Central| -| Oslo S| 7h6m| £9.23 (w/ breakfast)  
25 Jul| DSB| IC111, BUS1111, RE1111| Oslo S| Goteborg C, Molndal| Kobenhavn H| 8h28m| £0  
28 Jul| DSB| IC70839, BUS55006, IC5761, RE11179| Kobenhavn H| Slagelse, Fredericia, Flensburg| Hamburg Hbf| 6h11m| £3.48  
1 Aug| České dráhy| EC379| Hamburg Hbf| -| Prague Hlavni Nadrazi| 6h44m| £0  
5 Aug| Railjet| RJ256| Prague Hlavni Nadrazi| -| Berlin Hbf| | £21.01 (Price for ticket, not Interrail)  
10 Aug| European Sleeper| ESL452| Berlin Hbf| -| Bruxelles-Midi| 10h31m| £44  
11 Aug| Thalys| THA9358| Bruxelles-Midi| -| Paris Nord| 1h23m| £24.87  
14 Aug| Eurostar| ES9051| Paris Nord| -| London St Pancras Intl| 1h26m| £27.44  
Ticket costs for Interrail 2023 (with conversion rates from 2024, sorry!)

This rounds to £429.03. In retrospect this does sound pretty steep! What would the price be if I were to to travel to all these places independently by plane, say in summer 2025?

Notwithstandin the hassle of choosing specific dates for my journeys, I decided to choose the cheapest direct plane tickets available between July and August 2025 on Skyscanner.

Date| Operators| Codes| Origin| Destination| Total Duration| Ticket Price  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
1 Jul| Norwegian Air Sweden| D84452| LGW London Gatwick| ARN Stockholm Arlanda| 2h35m| £41  
24 Aug| Norwegian| DY807| ARN Stockholm Arlanda| OSL Oslo Gardermoen| 1h| £35  
1 Jul| Norwegian| DY940| OSL Oslo Gardermoen| CPH Copenhagen| 1h10m| £58  
13 Aug| SAS| SK649| CPH Copenhagen| HAM Hamburg International| 0h50m| £49  
-| -| -| Hamburg| Prague| -| No direct flight  
-| -| -| Prague| Berlin| -| No direct flight  
1 Jul| Easyjet| EZY5153| BER Berlin Brandenburg| ORY Paris Orly| 1h50m| £42  
1 Aug| Vueling Airlines| ES9051| ORY Paris Orly| LGW London Gatwick| 1h15m| £28  
✈️ Ticket costs for "Interplane" 2025

This rounds to £253.
